I did beautiful arts in Seville
I am Sevillian and good in fine arts what
What happens is that there are people who do not have
innate of all life that has always
drawn and then there are people who
better has not drawn so much or does not have it
so innate then I was one of those
I had not drawn much I introduced myself to
provide and good was a career that
taught a lot it filled me very much and what
I focused a bit more on the stimulus of the
creativity and good and now it 's there how
stimulate creativity but through
of the arts not good children
they need freedom with our time in
the kids is that they bothered you know the
children have to run falling create them
it costs a lot but then one thing
it takes them to the other one and they feel like
there are facts, you know it's mine
tomorrow my teacher taught it to me or
tomorrow I put on the shirt or
they love it is a satisfaction
incredible and they convey to me the
success is being happy with what you do
because in the end your work is many
hours in the day
and it's compaginable you know life is not the
weekend or free time and the
life is all life
I do not know is that it's very satisfying when
you have one thing that is yours and that the
people go appreciating and that suddenly
Enter someone and tell you how beautiful I am
love your idea what a beautiful project
is that that's the answer I get
always and then that
that is that it fills some new salts at
10 at night and I call my mother mom
do not see how happy I am
been two hours cleaning and I'm in a
momentazo of my life but of course
just getting started